[docs] Add example to customise line interaction (#18539)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/line-demo/line-demo.md

This modification implies a small drop of rendering performances (around +50ms to render 1.000 marks).

{{"demo": "CustomLineMarks.js"}}

> ## Larger interaction area

Author: Yes, all the highlight demos are in a dedicated page. Only the scatter chart has a section because of the voronoid specificity

The line highlight has a narrow interaction area.
Before a proper solution get implemented, it's possible to use a workaround with slots.

> The idea is to have two paths.
> A small one to display the line.
> And a larger one invisible that take cares of interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea is to have two paths: a small one to display the line, and a larger invisible one that handles the interactions.
```
